Nervalt : hey
Nervalt : hey iris
Nervalt : hey hey
Nervalt : hey iris
Nervalt : yo
Nervalt : iris
Nervalt : hey
Nervalt : yo persephone
Nervalt : u think iris will peg dj soon?
Nervalt : nah shes more of a bottom
Nervalt : like mega bottom its actually insane
Nervalt : like youd think "damn actually dominant and infertiele" but nah really just submissive still infertile
Nervalt : bro u think dolphins would be like actual menaces if ocean police were a thing
Nervalt : like they can be actual dickheads to ppl when they want to
Nervalt : but like theyre always seen as cute and cuddly
Nervalt : behind those soft eyes and wails that sound like my exes moaning is a killer
Nervalt : sociopath
Nervalt : like iris when she doesnt drink for more than two days
Nervalt : dj's kinda cute ngl
Nervalt : like that boy holy shit
Nervalt : im finna give him the ol double decker triple twist mega blast baja infused vacuum leave it cleaner than your remember extreme daddy milker combo
Nervalt : nice talk i hope this bothers iris
Nervalt : imma go smoke some weed toodles
Nervalt : actually nah i did yesterday
Nervalt : u ever drink to feel better about drinking
Nervalt : itll prolly work right
Nervalt : i swear i dont have a problem
Nervalt : okay say thank you for your message! if i can go do it
Nervalt : alright bet say it again if iris can never reach the top shelf
Nervalt : say it again if u think id be a god at valorant
Nervalt : see you and me see eye to eye
Nervalt : youre welcome
Nervalt : youre welcome
Nervalt : bitch i said youre welcome already
Nervalt : BRO
Nervalt : I SAID YOURE WELCOME
Nervalt : WHAT THE FUCK MAN YOURE WELCOME
Nervalt : ....
Nervalt : ur actually kinda of a bad little baka huh?
Nervalt : uh huh looking all monotone and singular responsed
Nervalt : say it again if i can breed u
Nervalt : say less
mangoaloe : badusyy
mangoaloe : happy almost bday iwis
Fireushi : Our Father, Who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name; Thy kingdom come; Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread; and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us; and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Fireushi : You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might. Take to heart these instructions with which I charge you this day. Impress them upon your children. Recite them when you stay at home and when you are away, when you lie down and when you get up. Bind them as a sign on your hand and let them serve as a symbol on your forehead, inscribe them on the doorposts of your house and on your gates.
Fireushi : the power of Christ compels you, begone fowl demon back too the fiery pits of hell from witch you came
bokkitokki : miss u
